# Meeting log 3
## Date: 2021 July 27th
## Attendance
* Zejia Liu
* Jian Chen
* Hengbin An
* Tramell Li
## Discussion
1.    Development progress update: features coding all done, only CSS and pictures left for the webpage.
2.	Discuss everyoneâ€™s contents for report.
3.	Discuss ID feature. Currently we set the prefix of ID.
4.	Discuss some potential modification to features, discuss their practicability. 
5.	Clarify again which features we brought out could be realized and which need to be put into future plan.
6.	Users have status e.g. 1 means commander and other number mean consumers. 

